Sabrina Al Hussein helps her son Abdul
Karim they are in a tent where they were
forced to find shelter after the Israeli
Army destroyed their home in the
northern Gaza Strip 18-year-old Abdul
kareim was born with server py he is
tired and
traumatized he often suffers seizures
which are made worse by the summer heat
but there is little medication available
to treat
them the heat is the worst problem and
because he wears diapers his body heat
gives him rashes even ointments to treat
him aren't available at the UN agency we
have to use seawater in buckets to wash
our laundry imagine what that sea water
does combined with this
heat sabrin says Abdul karim's condition
has worsened since the War Began moving
from place to place to try and escape
the bombing he is easily agitated and
needs even more care
there is virtually nothing for him here
I just take him out and let him sit at
the door to get some fresh air other
than that he plays with his siblings his
mood has changed back home he had his
own toys to entertain him now he and the
children are always on edge so I brought
them a little kitten to play with it
diffuses the
stress people with disabilities in Gaza
are the most vulnerable group in Israel
Relentless War across this STP uh they
have many of the challenges that they're
facing
including the inability to access
medical care mobility and economic
opportunities sa pushes Abdul kareim in
a wheelchair to a Palestinian charity
which for years has helped the children
with the special needs in the Gaza Strip
the Palestine MAA society's building was
bombed at the beginning of the war three
caregivers and three patients were
killed in the attack the charity relies
heavily on private donations it was
forced to relocate to Central Gaza but
there is nowhere safe in The
Strip before the war we could say
patients were provided with 95% of their
needs in terms of comfort safety
residential homes where they could be
accommodated treatment medical tools and
hygiene supplies now we try to cater as
much as we possibly can sabrin describes
the fear and exhaustion she and Abdul
Karim end as they were forced to
flee he fell ill we had to go to alaxa
hospital you could say that for 2 months
he was fighting for his life he would
have up to 12 seizures a
day keeping a children with his special
needs like Abdul kareim healthy and
happy was hard enough in Gaza before the
war now it's a challenge nearly
impossible to meet H mahm Al jaaz Dar
balah City Palestine